Capability map
What I can do, the agent can't:

Read code rigorously across multiple commits and call out structural issues
Critique the agent's reasoning without buying their narrative
Maintain CHANGELOG / ADR / verified-vs-inferred discipline across long workstreams
Cross-system thinking (GitHub + Replit + Sheet + Apify all at once)
Resist tractable rabbit holes
Read your Google Sheet read-only via Drive MCP (limited)
Open PRs / merge / branch hygiene from your local clone
What the agent can do, I can't:

Run shell commands on Replit (grep, ls, ps, run scripts)
See Replit's Workflow tab process exit history
Call Apify API with your credentials
Write to your Google Sheet (composite-key dedup check, row removals, etc.)
Tail running processes / see live state
Test code changes by actually running them in your environment
Trigger workflow runs / restart things
Pull historical Apify datasets via API
Read live config.json, secrets, environment variables
What both of us are bad at, and need you for:

Knowing what's actually painful in your business
Authorizing destructive operations
Setting priority when the data is ambiguous
Ideal collaboration model
Three loops, run in parallel:

1. Investigation loop (the data-gathering one)
You ask a question → I propose the exact commands/queries with rationale → agent executes on Replit → agent returns raw output (not interpretation) → I analyze and synthesize with verified/inferred labels → we report.

Example for the open CDN-failure question right now:


You: "Quantify the CDN failure rate."
Me: "Run these on Replit:
  grep -c 'Max retries exceeded' outputs/run_20260507_182644.log
  grep -c 'Image downloaded' outputs/run_20260507_182644.log
  grep -c 'OCR SUCCESS' outputs/run_20260507_182644.log
  Save raw outputs to outputs/diag_cdn_<ts>.txt and paste."
Agent: runs, pastes raw numbers + saves the file
Me: computes the rate, contextualizes against full-run estimates
That pattern keeps the agent honest (raw data, not interpretation) and keeps my analysis rooted in real numbers.

2. Execution loop (the building one)
You decide what to build → I write the code locally, push to a feature branch, open a PR → agent pulls on Replit, runs tests, reports → I review their test output → iterate or merge.

The pattern we used for PR #1, #2, and #3 — that worked. Keep using it. The agent didn't write any of those PRs and didn't need to. Their job was to pull, run, observe.

3. Verification loop (the keeping-things-honest one)
After the agent finishes any investigation → they give me their compiled answer → I run it through verified-vs-inferred lens → push back where appropriate → only then does it get committed to an ADR.

That's what we just did with the May 7 postmortem rounds. The agent improved noticeably each round when pushed. Keep doing that.

Specific things to hand off to the agent right now
Based on the open issues we just identified:

Task	Why agent	What I want back
grep -c "Max retries exceeded" on the 18:26 log	Lives on Replit	Raw count + total post count for ratio
Check Replit Workflow tab for what killed the 18:26 runs	Only they have access to that UI	Exit codes + restart events for May 7 18:24-26
Pull Apify dataset metadata for the 18:26 run	They have the Apify API key	Dataset ID + post count + retention status
All_Events composite-key duplicate check (POST ID, EVENT NAME, DATE) for May 7 timestamps	They write to the Sheet	Count of duplicates if any, sample of 5
List outputs/ files chronologically with mtime + size	Live filesystem on Replit	Just the listing
Inspect pipeline_checkpoint.pkl contents (processed_posts size, results count)	Lives on Replit	Three numbers + sample of 5 from each
Check what config.json actually contains right now (especially run_now, apify_enabled, schedule_time)	Live config on Replit	The contents (redact secrets)
That's a half-dozen ~5-minute tasks that would close most of our open questions. None of them require code changes — pure observation.

Specific things to keep in my lane
Reading your Sheet read-only via Drive MCP for ad-hoc queries (I already have viewer access). Faster than you exporting CSVs.
Code reviews of any PRs the agent or I propose — verifying logic, regression risk, doc updates.
ADR / CHANGELOG curation — when the agent writes one in Plan/Build mode, I review for verified/inferred discipline before merge.
Architecture decisions — incremental PL writes, retry-with-backoff design, content-hash IDs. The "what's the right shape" calls.
Strategic prioritization — pushing back when the agent goes deep on something that doesn't matter. Today's example: the orphan-IDs rabbit hole.
Cross-system narrative — keeping a coherent story when GitHub + Replit + Sheet + Apify all have partial truths.
Handoff protocol I'd want
When the agent reports back to me (via you), I'd want:

Raw data first, interpretation second. "I ran X, here's the output verbatim. My read of it is Y."
File:line citations for any code claims.
A persisted copy of large outputs to outputs/diag_*.txt so I can re-verify, not just trust the paste.
Verified vs Inferred labels on every claim.
Open questions called out explicitly rather than hidden behind confident framing.
When I send work to the agent (via you), I'd give:

Exact commands to run, not English instructions.
What to save where so the output is recoverable.
Expected output shape so they know if something's weird.
Stop conditions — "if you see X, stop and report; don't keep going."
Process guardrails
Two specific ones I'd put in place:

The "is this top-3" check. Before any deep investigation (>30 min on a single thread), agent surfaces: "I'm about to spend significant time on X — is this in your top 3 priorities?" That's the explicit fix for today's rabbit hole.

The verified/inferred discipline becomes default formatting. Every compiled answer the agent gives ends with a "Verified:" / "Inferred:" / "Open:" block. Not optional. We saw it disappear and reappear over the past hour — make it permanent.